It's fun. It's fun. That's it.
Dinner together
Oh, I was shopping in Wanhe with my friends.
I can't make it through another day. I'll treat you another day.
It just so happens that I am also in Wanhe
You wait for me to come to you
Who?
Go quickly
Go, go, go, go, run
Hey, Mr. Lu
Teacher Lu, are you busy?
It's going to rain soon.
My house is near here.
Would you like to send me some?
Be careful, Di
Teacher Lu is very busy
I can take a taxi by myself
What kind of taxi do you take?
I didn't know you couldn't bear to spend money at all
Besides, if you want to dawdle any longer
Go back late
It's time for our busy family to bully you again
Okay, Mr. Lu, can you help me send Xiao Xie?
See you.
Do the Mo family often bully you?
No Mo family is very nice to me
Warm, you seem to be afraid of me
Teacher Lu misunderstood
I'm just a servant
You are the fiancé of my lady
I have nothing but respect for you
Shooter Bar
Thanks.